README.md, before:

# textadventure



So looks like you are interested in this project.

Cool.

If you want to modify stuff, here is some things you should know:

I am using python 3.x, not 2.x

I am using Pycharm

I am a sloppy coder.


Some functions you should know:

findline(line number): Finds said line in savefile.sav (if it exists)

saveall(player name, masked man name, most recent checkpoint): Saves the game. Just input the variables right and you should be A-OK.

waitforkey(): My hacky way of waiting for a keypress.

clear(): My hacky way of clearing the screen. Found it on a blog somewhere.

dialog(character name, text to display, number of times the animation loops, time per frame): Abandon all hope ye who enter here. Valid characters are currently: "detective" and "masked". More coming soon. Time per frame is in seconds, if unsure set it to ~0.2 to make it be a medium speed.

question(question to ask): Clears the screen, asks a question, and returns it.

yesno(text to analyze): Checks if a string means "Yes" or "No". to ask a yes or no question I use yesno(question(question text here)). Returns either "y" or "n"

Shoot me a message on discord: @DPS2004#5143

Peace out.

Commit message:

updated README.md for printtxt()

README.md, after:

# textadventure



So looks like you are interested in this project.

Cool.

If you want to modify stuff, here is some things you should know:

I am using python 3.x, not 2.x

I am using Pycharm

I am a sloppy coder.


Some functions you should know:

printtxt(path to text file): prints out an entire text file. Does not clear the screen.

findline(line number): Finds said line in savefile.sav (if it exists)

saveall(player name, masked man name, most recent checkpoint): Saves the game. Just input the variables right and you should be A-OK.

waitforkey(): My hacky way of waiting for a keypress.

clear(): My hacky way of clearing the screen. Found it on a blog somewhere.

dialog(character name, text to display, number of times the animation loops, time per frame): Abandon all hope ye who enter here. Valid characters are currently: "detective" and "masked". More coming soon. Time per frame is in seconds, if unsure set it to ~0.2 to make it be a medium speed.

question(question to ask): Clears the screen, asks a question, and returns it.

yesno(text to analyze): Checks if a string means "Yes" or "No". to ask a yes or no question I use yesno(question(question text here)). Returns either "y" or "n"

Shoot me a message on discord: @DPS2004#5143

Peace out.
